Changes to Payment Plugin Doc and other corrections (#413)
killbill/killbill-docs: userguide/tutorials/payment_plugin.adoc

= Payment Plugin Overview

> Payment plugins integrate Kill Bill with a specific https://docs.killbill.io/latest/Kill-Bill-Glossary.html#payment_gateway[gateway] (i.e. payment processor), such as Stripe or Braintree. We already have many open-source payment plugins available on GitHub as listed in our https://docs.killbill.io/latest/plugin_introduction.html#payment_gateways[_plugin document_].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Payment plugins integrate Kill Bill with a specific https://docs.killbill.io/latest/Kill-Bill-Glossary.html#payment_gateway[gateway] (i.e., payment processor), such as Stripe or Braintree. We already have many open-source payment plugins available on GitHub as listed in our https://docs.killbill.io/latest/plugin_introduction.html#payment_gateways[_plugin document_].
```

Reviewer: The abbreviations i.e. and e.g. need commas after the because they are the equivalent of writing "that is," and "for example,".

> Payment plugins integrate Kill Bill with a specific https://docs.killbill.io/latest/Kill-Bill-Glossary.html#payment_gateway[gateway] (i.e. payment processor), such as Stripe or Braintree. We already have many open-source payment plugins available on GitHub as listed in our https://docs.killbill.io/latest/plugin_introduction.html#payment_gateways[_plugin document_].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Payment plugins integrate Kill Bill with a specific https://docs.killbill.io/latest/Kill-Bill-Glossary.html#payment_gateway[gateway] (i.e. payment processor), such as Stripe or Braintree. We already have many open-source payment plugins available on GitHub as listed in our https://docs.killbill.io/latest/plugin_introduction.html#payment_gateways[_Plugin Introduction_] guide.
```

> This tutorial can be used to develop a custom payment plugin.

Reviewer: To rephrase in active voice, "You can use this tutorial to develop a customer payment plugin." or "Use this tutorial...".

== Prerequisites

> * Make sure to familiarize yourself with https://docs.killbill.io/latest/userguide_subscription.html#components-payment[_payment components_] and the https://docs.killbill.io/latest/userguide_payment.html[_payment userguide_].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Make sure to familiarize yourself with the  https://docs.killbill.io/latest/userguide_subscription.html#components-payment[_Payment_] section of the _Subscription Guide_ and the https://docs.killbill.io/latest/userguide_payment.html[_Payment Guide_].
```

> * Make sure to familiarize yourself with https://docs.killbill.io/latest/userguide_subscription.html#components-payment[_payment components_] and the https://docs.killbill.io/latest/userguide_payment.html[_payment userguide_].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Make sure to familiarize yourself with https://docs.killbill.io/latest/userguide_subscription.html#components-payment[_payment components_] and the https://docs.killbill.io/latest/userguide_payment.html[_Payment_] guide.
```

> * Make sure to familiarize yourself with https://docs.killbill.io/latest/plugin_introduction.html[_Kill Bill plugins_].

Author: The link is to the https://docs.killbill.io/latest/plugin_introduction.html and not to the https://docs.killbill.io/latest/plugin_development.html doc. Do you still want me to rephrase this as 

`Make sure to familiarize yourself with the https://docs.killbill.io/latest/plugin_introduction.html[_Plugin Introduction Document_].`

> * Make sure to familiarize yourself with https://docs.killbill.io/latest/plugin_introduction.html[_Kill Bill plugins_].

Reviewer: No - sorry. It should be _Plugin Introduction_ guide. I prefer "guide" over "document."

> * Make sure to familiarize yourself with https://docs.killbill.io/latest/plugin_introduction.html[_Kill Bill plugins_].

Author: Fixed

== Developing a Payment Plugin

> Kill Bill provides a  https://github.com/killbill/killbill-plugin-api/[_Plugin API_] for plugin development. This includes the https://github.com/killbill/killbill-plugin-api/blob/master/payment/src/main/java/org/killbill/billing/payment/plugin/api/PaymentPluginApi.java[_PaymentPluginApi_] interface which can be used to develop a payment plugin. Thus, this interface needs to be implemented in order to develop a custom payment plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kill Bill provides a https://github.com/killbill/killbill-plugin-api/[Plugin API] for plugin development. This includes the https://github.com/killbill/killbill-plugin-api/blob/master/payment/src/main/java/org/killbill/billing/payment/plugin/api/PaymentPluginApi.java[`PaymentPluginApi`] interface, which you can use to develop a payment plugin. Thus, you need to implement this interface in order to develop a custom payment plugin.
```

Reviewer: > This includes the `PaymentPluginApi` interface, which you can use to develop a payment plugin. Thus, you need to implement this interface in order to develop a custom payment plugin.

It sounds like we're saying the same thing twice: "...interface, which you can use to develop a payment plugin" and "you need to implement this interface in order to develop a customer payment plugin."

Author: Fixed

> Kill Bill also provides a https://github.com/killbill/killbill-plugin-framework-java[_plugin framework_] which has many classes that can be used out of the box for plugin development. We strongly encourage you to use this framework.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kill Bill also provides a https://github.com/killbill/killbill-plugin-framework-java[plugin framework], which has many classes that you can use out-of the-box for plugin development. We strongly encourage you to use this framework.  
```

== Getting Started

> At a high level, the following needs to be done to develop a payment plugin:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At a high level, you must perform the following step to develop a payment plugin:
```

> . Clone one of our existing sample plugins and set it up as explained in the https://docs.killbill.io/latest/plugin_development.html#\_getting\_started[__Plugin Development__] document. You can use one of the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Clone one of our existing sample plugins and set it up as explained in the https://docs.killbill.io/latest/plugin_development.html#\_getting\_started[__Plugin Development Guide__]. You can use one of the following:
```

.. https://github.com/killbill/killbill-hello-world-java-plugin[_Hello World Plugin_] - This is a sample plugin and can be used as a template for developing other plugins. 

> ..  https://github.com/killbill/killbill-gocardless-example-plugin[_GoCardless example plugin_] - This is a sample payment plugin for https://gocardless.com/[_Gocardless_] and is used in this tutorial.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
..  https://github.com/killbill/killbill-gocardless-example-plugin[GoCardless example plugin] - This is a sample payment plugin for https://gocardless.com/[_Gocardless_] and is used in this tutorial.
```

> . Create a class that implements the `PaymentPluginApi` interface (Similar to https://github.com/killbill/killbill-hello-world-java-plugin/blob/master/src/main/java/org/killbill/billing/plugin/helloworld/HelloWorldPaymentPluginApi.java[_HelloWorldPaymentPluginApi_] or https://github.com/killbill/killbill-gocardless-example-plugin/blob/main/src/main/java/org/killbill/billing/plugin/gocardless/GoCardlessPaymentPluginApi.java[_GoCardlessPaymentPluginApi.java_]).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Create a class that implements the `PaymentPluginApi` interface (Similar to https://github.com/killbill/killbill-hello-world-java-plugin/blob/master/src/main/java/org/killbill/billing/plugin/helloworld/HelloWorldPaymentPluginApi.java[`HelloWorldPaymentPluginApi`] or https://github.com/killbill/killbill-gocardless-example-plugin/blob/main/src/main/java/org/killbill/billing/plugin/gocardless/GoCardlessPaymentPluginApi.java[`GoCardlessPaymentPluginApi.java`]).
```

. Implement the desired methods from the `PaymentPluginApi` interface within your class. These methods are explained in the <<paymentpluginapi_methods, "PaymentPluginApi Methods">> table below.

> . Create an activator class that is responsible for starting the plugin (Similar to https://github.com/killbill/killbill-hello-world-java-plugin/blob/master/src/main/java/org/killbill/billing/plugin/helloworld/HelloWorldActivator.java[_HelloWorldActivator_] or https://github.com/killbill/killbill-gocardless-example-plugin/blob/main/src/main/java/org/killbill/billing/plugin/gocardless/GoCardlessActivator.java[_GoCardlessActivator_]).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Create an activator class that is responsible for starting the plugin (Similar to https://github.com/killbill/killbill-hello-world-java-plugin/blob/master/src/main/java/org/killbill/billing/plugin/helloworld/HelloWorldActivator.java[`HelloWorldActivator`] or https://github.com/killbill/killbill-gocardless-example-plugin/blob/main/src/main/java/org/killbill/billing/plugin/gocardless/GoCardlessActivator.java[`GoCardlessActivator`]).
```

[[paymentpluginapi_methods]]
== PaymentPluginApi Methods

> The following table lists the methods in the https://github.com/killbill/killbill-plugin-api/blob/master/payment/src/main/java/org/killbill/billing/payment/plugin/api/PaymentPluginApi.java[_PaymentPluginApi_] interface. You can implement the desired methods in your plugin class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table lists the methods in the https://github.com/killbill/killbill-plugin-api/blob/master/payment/src/main/java/org/killbill/billing/payment/plugin/api/PaymentPluginApi.java[`PaymentPluginApi`] interface. You can implement the desired methods in your plugin class.
```

A few pointers for implementing these methods:

> * Almost all the methods accept parameters like `kbAccountId`, `kbPaymentId`, `kbTransactionId`, etc. which are self-explanatory. These may or may not be used by your plugin code. But you may need some of these values to populate the `PaymentTransactionInfoPlugin` object which is returned by most of the methods (Refer to the <<PaymentTransactionInfoPlugin, "PaymentTransactionInfoPlugin">> section).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Almost all the methods accept parameters like `kbAccountId`, `kbPaymentId`, `kbTransactionId`, etc., which are self-explanatory. These may or may not be used by your plugin code. But you may need some of these values to populate the `PaymentTransactionInfoPlugin` object that is returned by most of the methods (refer to the <<PaymentTransactionInfoPlugin, "PaymentTransactionInfoPlugin">> section).
```

Reviewer: > "PaymentTransactionInfoPlugin">> section).

remove quotation marks

> * All the methods accept `Iterable<PluginProperty> properties` as a parameter. These can be used to pass arbitrary data to the plugin method as explained in the <<plugin_property_notes, "Plugin Property Notes">> section. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* All the methods accept `Iterable<PluginProperty> properties` as a parameter. These can be used to pass arbitrary data to the plugin method as explained in the <<plugin_property_notes, Plugin Property Notes>> section. 
```

Author: No worries Mary! I had formatted the doc based on the old style guide recommendations, I should have checked the latest guide.

* All the methods listed in the `PaymentPluginApi` also accept as parameter either a `TenantContext` or a `CallContext`.  Read only operations (operations which retrieve some data from Kill Bill) like the `getPaymentInfo` accept a `TenantContext`. Read/write operations like `authorizePayment` accept a `CallContext`. Both these values can be used for auditing purposes. 

* It is quite possible that your plugin might not support some of the operations listed above. In such a case, the plugin can do one of the following:

** Return an *empty list* when the return type is a `List`.
** Return a transaction with status *CANCELED* if the return type is a `PaymentTransactionInfoPlugin` .
** Return empty objects otherwise.

[[PaymentTransactionInfoPlugin]]
== PaymentTransactionInfoPlugin 

> Most of the methods in the https://github.com/killbill/killbill-plugin-api/blob/master/payment/src/main/java/org/killbill/billing/payment/plugin/api/PaymentPluginApi.java[_PaymentPluginApi_] interface return a https://github.com/killbill/killbill-api/blob/4ae1c343a593de937415e21feecb9f5405037fa3/src/main/java/org/killbill/billing/payment/plugin/api/PaymentTransactionInfoPlugin.java[_PaymentTransactionInfoPlugin_] object. Again, the https://github.com/killbill/killbill-plugin-framework-java[_Kill Bill Plugin framework_] includes a class called https://github.com/killbill/killbill-plugin-framework-java/blob/46d94fbeb1cf089aa04e62cfecf751ca47032023/src/main/java/org/killbill/billing/plugin/api/payment/PluginPaymentTransactionInfoPlugin.java[ _PluginPaymentTransactionInfoPlugin_] which implements the `PaymentTransactionInfoPlugin` interface. Thus, if you use the framework, you can simply create a class that extends `PluginPaymentTransactionInfoPlugin` and have the plugin methods return an object of this class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most of the methods in the https://github.com/killbill/killbill-plugin-api/blob/master/payment/src/main/java/org/killbill/billing/payment/plugin/api/PaymentPluginApi.java[`PaymentPluginApi`] interface return a https://github.com/killbill/killbill-api/blob/4ae1c343a593de937415e21feecb9f5405037fa3/src/main/java/org/killbill/billing/payment/plugin/api/PaymentTransactionInfoPlugin.java[`PaymentTransactionInfoPlugin`] object. Again, the https://github.com/killbill/killbill-plugin-framework-java[Kill Bill Plugin framework] includes a class called https://github.com/killbill/killbill-plugin-framework-java/blob/46d94fbeb1cf089aa04e62cfecf751ca47032023/src/main/java/org/killbill/billing/plugin/api/payment/PluginPaymentTransactionInfoPlugin.java[ `PluginPaymentTransactionInfoPlugin`], which implements the `PaymentTransactionInfoPlugin` interface. Thus, if you use the framework, you can simply create a class that extends `PluginPaymentTransactionInfoPlugin` and have the plugin methods return an object of this class.
```

> The `PaymentTransactionInfoPlugin` interface has the following methods (Your plugin code needs to populate this information in the `PaymentTransactionInfoPlugin` object):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `PaymentTransactionInfoPlugin` interface has the following methods, and your plugin code needs to populate this information in the `PaymentTransactionInfoPlugin` object:
```

Reviewer: ^^A suggestion to avoid using the parentheses and important information.

Author: Removed parentheses but kept two separate sentences.

* Finally, the *mandateId* is stored in the Kill Bill database. Normally, each plugin has its own plugin specific tables. However, since we are not creating a full-fledged GoCardless plugin, we are storing the *mandateId* in the *custom_fields* table.  The  *custom_fields* table can be used to store arbitrary key/value pairs in the Kill Bill database.

> * In case an error occurs in any of the steps, the code throws a https://github.com/killbill/killbill-plugin-api/blob/d9eca5af0e37541069b1c608f95e100dbe13b301/payment/src/main/java/org/killbill/billing/payment/plugin/api/PaymentPluginApiException.java[_PaymentPluginApiException_].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In case an error occurs in any of the steps, the code throws a https://github.com/killbill/killbill-plugin-api/blob/d9eca5af0e37541069b1c608f95e100dbe13b301/payment/src/main/java/org/killbill/billing/payment/plugin/api/PaymentPluginApiException.java[`PaymentPluginApiException`].
```

[[purchase_payment]]
==== Step 6 - Implementing GoCardlessPaymentPluginApi#purchasePayment

The `purchasePayment` method is used to charge a customer against a payment method. It is invoked when:

> * An automatic payment is triggered by Kill Bill against an https://docs.killbill.io/latest/Kill-Bill-Glossary.html#invoice[_invoice_].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* An automatic payment is triggered by Kill Bill against an https://docs.killbill.io/latest/Kill-Bill-Glossary.html#invoice[invoice].
```

> * A https://killbill.github.io/slate/#account-trigger-a-payment-authorization-purchase-or-credit[_direct payment api_] is invoked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A https://killbill.github.io/slate/#account-trigger-a-payment-authorization-purchase-or-credit[direct payment API] is invoked.
```

> In the case of Gocardless, it is used to trigger payments against a *mandateId*. Thus, it is implemented as follows (See https://github.com/killbill/killbill-gocardless-example-plugin/blob/9522498ecde5849c940574c598ceb5ce088d32a7/src/main/java/org/killbill/billing/plugin/gocardless/GoCardlessPaymentPluginApi.java#L94[_GoCardlessPaymentPluginApi#purchasePayment_]):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the case of Gocardless, it is used to trigger payments against a *mandateId*. Thus, it is implemented as follows (see https://github.com/killbill/killbill-gocardless-example-plugin/blob/9522498ecde5849c940574c598ceb5ce088d32a7/src/main/java/org/killbill/billing/plugin/gocardless/GoCardlessPaymentPluginApi.java#L94[`GoCardlessPaymentPluginApi#purchasePayment`]):
```

}
----

> * If you recall, the `addPaymentMethod` stores the *mandate id* in the Kill Bill database. This is first retrieved and assigned to `mandate`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you recall, `addPaymentMethod` stores the *mandate id* in the Kill Bill database. This is first retrieved and assigned to `mandate`.
```

* Next, the `idempotencyKey` is retrieved from the `properties` passed in. The  `idempotencyKey` is a GoCardless specific value. As per the GoCardless documentation, their API will ensure this payment is only ever created once per `idempotencyKey`. So a client application could specify `kbPaymentId` as the `idempotencyKey` to ensure at most a single payment is created per `kbPaymentId`.

*  The `currency` object passed in is of type `org.killbill.billing.catalog.api.Currency`. This is then converted to a *GoCardless Currency object* (of type `com.gocardless.services.PaymentService.PaymentCreateRequest.Currency`). Most payment plugins have code similar to this to convert Kill Bill objects to compatible objects in the plugin's client library.

> * Finally, the `client.payments().create()` is invoked with the `idempotencyKey`, `amount` and `currency` values. This returns a `Payment` object which contains a `paymentId`. Additionally, the `kbPaymentId` and `kbTransactionId` are sent as *metadata* to GoCardless in this call. GoCardless *metadata* allows an application to send custom key value pairs to GoCardless. These can then be retrieved later on as required.  In our case, the `kbPaymentId` and `kbTransactionId` are required retrieving the payment information as explained in the <<getPaymentInfo, "getPaymentInfo">> section. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Finally, the `client.payments().create()` is invoked with the `idempotencyKey`, `amount` and `currency` values. This returns a `Payment` object which contains a `paymentId`. Additionally, the `kbPaymentId` and `kbTransactionId` are sent as *metadata* to GoCardless in this call. GoCardless *metadata* allows an application to send custom key value pairs to GoCardless. These can then be retrieved later on as required. In our case, `kbPaymentId` and `kbTransactionId` are required to retrieve the payment information as explained in the <<getPaymentInfo, `getPaymentInfo`>> section. 
```

> * The `purchasePayment` method returns a `PaymentTransactionInfoPlugin`  object.  We have already created a <<GoCardlessPaymentTransactionInfoPlugin, "GoCardlessPaymentTransactionInfoPlugin">> class above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `purchasePayment` method returns a `PaymentTransactionInfoPlugin` object.  We have already created a <<GoCardlessPaymentTransactionInfoPlugin, `GoCardlessPaymentTransactionInfoPlugin`>> class above.
```

> * The `purchasePayment` method returns a `PaymentTransactionInfoPlugin`  object.  We have already created a <<GoCardlessPaymentTransactionInfoPlugin, "GoCardlessPaymentTransactionInfoPlugin">> class above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `purchasePayment` method returns a `PaymentTransactionInfoPlugin` object.  We have already created a <<GoCardlessPaymentTransactionInfoPlugin, `GoCardlessPaymentTransactionInfoPlugin`>> class above.
```

* If the payment is successful, the `GoCardlessPaymentTransactionInfoPlugin` object is created with the following values:

** *kbPaymentId* - Set to `kbPaymentId`. It corresponds to the Kill Bill payment id. 

** *kbTransactionId* - Set to `kbTransactionId`. It corresponds to the Kill Bill transaction id. 

** *TransactionType* - Set to `TransactionType.PURCHASE` since this is a purchase transaction.

** *amount* - Set to `amount`. It corresponds to the amount with which the customer is charged.

** *currency* - Set to `currency`. It corresponds to the currency in which the customer is charged.

** *PaymentPluginStatus* - Set to `PaymentPluginStatus.PROCESSED` since the payment is processed successfully.

** *gatewayError* - Set to `null` since there is no error.

> ** *gatewayErrorCode* - set to `null` since there is no error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** *gatewayErrorCode* - Set to `null` since there is no error.
```

** *firstPaymentReferenceId* - Set to the *payment Id* returned by GoCardless.

** *secondPaymentReferenceId* - set to `null` since GoCardless does not have a secondPaymentReferenceId. Other payment plugins might use this parameter if required.

** *createdDate* - Set to the current date.

** *effectiveDate* - Set to the date when the payment was created. This is retrieved from the `payment` object returned by GoCardless.

> ** *properties* - Set to a `List<PluginProperty>` called `outputProperties` which contains the GoCardless *payment Id*. See <<plugin_property_notes, "Plugin Property Notes">> for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** *properties* - Set to a `List<PluginProperty>` called `outputProperties` which contains the GoCardless *payment Id*. See <<plugin_property_notes, Plugin Property Notes>> for more information.
```

* If there is an exception while processing the payment,  the `GoCardlessPaymentTransactionInfoPlugin` object is created with the following values:

** *PaymentPluginStatus* - Set to `PaymentPluginStatus.ERROR` since there is an error in the payment.

** *gatewayError* - Set to the *error message* from the exception.

** *gatewayErrorCode* - Set to the *error code* from the exception.

** *firstPaymentReferenceId* - Set to `null` since the payment failed.

** *effectiveDate* - Set to `null` since the payment failed.

** *properties* - Set to `null` since the payment failed.

* If the code is unable to retrieve the `mandateId` from the Kill Bill database, the `GoCardlessPaymentTransactionInfoPlugin` object is created with the following values:

** *PaymentPluginStatus* - Set to `PaymentPluginStatus.CANCELED` since the gateway was not contacted as the plugin was unable to retrieve the `mandateId`.

** *gatewayError* - Set to `null` since there is no error.

> ** *gatewayErrorCode* - set to `null` since there is no error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** *gatewayErrorCode* - Set to `null` since there is no error.
```

> ** *gatewayErrorCode* - set to `null` since there is no error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** *gatewayErrorCode* - Set to `null` since there is no error.
```

** *firstPaymentReferenceId* - Set to `null` since the payment was not processed.

** *effectiveDate* - Set to `null` since the payment was not processed.

** *properties* - Set to `null` since the payment was not processed.

[[getPaymentInfo]]
==== Step 7 - Implementing GoCardlessPaymentPluginApi#getPaymentInfo

> The `getPaymentInfo` method is used to retrieve payment information. It is very important to implement this method properly since it is used by the https://docs.killbill.io/latest/userguide_payment.html#_janitor[__ Kill Bill Janitor__]. The Janitor attempts to fix *PENDING* and *UNKNOWN* transaction states. It queries the plugin via the `getPaymentInfo` method. It then updates the Kill Bill database based on the data in the `PaymentTransactionInfoPlugin` object returned by the `getPaymentInfo` method. So, if the plugin subsequently returns a *PROCESSED* status, the Janitor updates the internal payment state accordingly. In addition, the Janitor also updates other fields in the `PaymentTransactionInfoPlugin` object like processed amount (via `PaymentTransactionInfoPlugin#getAmount`), error information (via `PaymentTransactionInfoPlugin#getGatewayError`/`PaymentTransactionInfoPlugin#getGatewayErrorCode`), etc. in the Kill Bill database. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `getPaymentInfo` method is used to retrieve payment information. It is very important to implement this method properly since it is used by the https://docs.killbill.io/latest/userguide_payment.html#_janitor[Kill Bill Janitor]. The Janitor attempts to fix *PENDING* and *UNKNOWN* transaction states. It queries the plugin via the `getPaymentInfo` method. It then updates the Kill Bill database based on the data in the `PaymentTransactionInfoPlugin` object returned by the `getPaymentInfo` method. So, if the plugin subsequently returns a *PROCESSED* status, the Janitor updates the internal payment state accordingly. In addition, the Janitor also updates other fields in the `PaymentTransactionInfoPlugin` object, like processed amount (via `PaymentTransactionInfoPlugin#getAmount`), error information (via `PaymentTransactionInfoPlugin#getGatewayError`/`PaymentTransactionInfoPlugin#getGatewayErrorCode`), etc. in the Kill Bill database. 
```

The Janitor matches the internal transactions against plugin transactions via the *transaction id*, so make sure `PaymentTransactionInfoPlugin#getKbTransactionPaymentId` is correctly implemented.

> In addition to the Janitor, the `getPaymentInfo` is also invoked whenever a https://killbill.github.io/slate/#payment-retrieve-a-payment-using-paymentid[payment is retrieved] with `withPluginInfo=true` which in turn results in triggering the https://docs.killbill.io/latest/userguide_payment.html#_on_the_fly_janitor[__on the fly janitor__] to fix the payment state before returning the payment information. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to the Janitor, the `getPaymentInfo` is also invoked whenever a https://killbill.github.io/slate/#payment-retrieve-a-payment-using-paymentid[payment is retrieved] with `withPluginInfo=true`, which in turn results in triggering the https://docs.killbill.io/latest/userguide_payment.html#_on_the_fly_janitor[on the fly janitor] to fix the payment state before returning the payment information. 
```

Reviewer: ^^^Does "on the fly janitor" need to be capitalized?

Author: Don't think so, I've changed it to "on-the-fly Janitor" based on https://docs.killbill.io/latest/userguide_payment.html#_on_the_fly_janitor

> In the case of Gocardless, this method retrieves the payment information from Gocardless and populates the `PaymentTransactionInfoPlugin` based on this information. Thus, this method is implemented as follows (See https://github.com/killbill/killbill-gocardless-example-plugin/blob/9522498ecde5849c940574c598ceb5ce088d32a7/src/main/java/org/killbill/billing/plugin/gocardless/GoCardlessPaymentPluginApi.java#L211[_GoCardlessPaymentPluginApi#getPaymentInfo_]):

Reviewer: Change "Gocardless" to "GoCardless"

> In the case of Gocardless, this method retrieves the payment information from Gocardless and populates the `PaymentTransactionInfoPlugin` based on this information. Thus, this method is implemented as follows (See https://github.com/killbill/killbill-gocardless-example-plugin/blob/9522498ecde5849c940574c598ceb5ce088d32a7/src/main/java/org/killbill/billing/plugin/gocardless/GoCardlessPaymentPluginApi.java#L211[_GoCardlessPaymentPluginApi#getPaymentInfo_]):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the case of GoCardless, this method retrieves the payment information from GoCardless and populates the `PaymentTransactionInfoPlugin` based on this information. Thus, this method is implemented as follows (see https://github.com/killbill/killbill-gocardless-example-plugin/blob/9522498ecde5849c940574c598ceb5ce088d32a7/src/main/java/org/killbill/billing/plugin/gocardless/GoCardlessPaymentPluginApi.java#L211[`GoCardlessPaymentPluginApi#getPaymentInfo`]):
```

				outputProperties.add(new PluginProperty("mandateId",mandateId,false)); //arbitrary data to be returned to the caller
				outputProperties.add(new PluginProperty("customerId",customerId,false));  //arbitrary data to be returned to the caller
				outputProperties.add(new PluginProperty("gocardlessstatus",payment.getStatus(),false)); //arbitrary data to be returned to the caller
				GoCardlessPaymentTransactionInfoPlugin paymentTransactionInfoPlugin = new GoCardlessPaymentTransactionInfoPlugin(
						kbPaymentId, kbTransactionPaymentId, TransactionType.PURCHASE, new BigDecimal(payment.getAmount()), killBillCurrency,
						status, null, null, String.valueOf(payment.getId()), null, new DateTime(),
						new DateTime(payment.getCreatedAt()), outputProperties); 
				logger.info("Created paymentTransactionInfoPlugin {}",paymentTransactionInfoPlugin);
				paymentTransactionInfoPluginList.add(paymentTransactionInfoPlugin);
			}
		}
		
		return paymentTransactionInfoPluginList;
	}

----

* If you recall, the `addPaymentMethod` stores the *mandate id* in the Kill Bill database in the *custom_fields* table. This is first retrieved and assigned to `mandateId`.

> * Next, the GoCardless Mandate object is retrieved via `client.mandates().get(mandateId)` as explained in the https://developer.gocardless.com/api-reference/#mandates-get-a-single-mandate[_Gocardless documentation_].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Next, the GoCardless Mandate object is retrieved via `client.mandates().get(mandateId)` as explained in the https://developer.gocardless.com/api-reference/#mandates-get-a-single-mandate[GoCardless documentation].
```

> * Next, the `customerId` associated with the mandate is retrieved and all the `payments` associated with the customer are retrieved via `client.payments().all().withCustomer(customerId)` as explained in the https://developer.gocardless.com/api-reference/#payments-list-payments[_Gocardless documentation_].

Reviewer: same as previous

* The code then iterates through the `payment` objects and obtains the `Payment` object corresponding to the `kbPaymentId` passed in. If you recall, the `purchasePayment` method sends `kbPaymentId` and `kbTransactionId` to GoCardless as metadata fields. Thus, the `kbPaymentId` is retrieved from the metadata of each `Payment` object and compared with the `kbPaymentId` passed in. 

* The code then creates a `GoCardlessPaymentTransactionInfoPlugin` corresponding to a matching `Payment` using the following:

**  *payment amount*  - The *amount* is retrieved from the `payment` object.

> **  *killBillCurrency*  - The *GoCardless currency* (`com.gocardless.resources.Payment.Currency`) is retrieved from the `payment` object and converted to *Kill Bill currency* (`org.killbill.billing.catalog.api.Currency`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**  *killBillCurrency* - The *GoCardless currency* (`com.gocardless.resources.Payment.Currency`) is retrieved from the `payment` object and converted to *Kill Bill currency* (`org.killbill.billing.catalog.api.Currency`).
```

** *status* - The *GoCardless status* (`com.gocardless.resources.Payment.Status`) is retrieved from the `payment` object and converted to *Kill Bill status* (`org.killbill.billing.payment.plugin.api.PaymentPluginStatus`).

** *kbTransactionId* - This is retrieved from the payment metadata. This step is very important because, the Janitor uses the *transaction id* to match the internal transactions with the plugin transactions as explained earlier. 

> ** *outputProperties* - This is a List of `PluginProperty` objects and contains properties corresponding to the `mandateId` and `customerId. See <<plugin_property_notes, "Plugin Property Notes">> for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** *outputProperties* - This is a list of `PluginProperty` objects and contains properties corresponding to the `mandateId` and `customerId. See <<plugin_property_notes, Plugin Property Notes>> for more information.
```

Author: List is a Java interface, so L needs to be in uppercase. I've changed this to `List`

* The List of `GoCardlessPaymentTransactionInfoPlugin` object is returned back.

[[gocardless_checkout_servlet]]
==== Step 8 - Creating GoCardlessCheckoutServlet

In the case of GoCardless, we need to create an additional servlet that invokes the `GoCardlessPluginApi#buildFormDescriptor` method. Normally, a client API invokes `buildFormDescriptor` via the 

> https://github.com/killbill/killbill-api/blob/4ae1c343a593de937415e21feecb9f5405037fa3/src/main/java/org/killbill/billing/payment/api/PaymentGatewayApi.java[_PaymentGatewayApi_] interface. If you take a look at the https://github.com/killbill/killbill-api/blob/4ae1c343a593de937415e21feecb9f5405037fa3/src/main/java/org/killbill/billing/payment/api/PaymentGatewayApi.java#L43[_PaymentGatewayApi#buildFormDescriptor_] method, you will notice that it accepts a `UUID paymentMethodId` as a parameter. Thus, this method assumes that a https://docs.killbill.io/latest/userguide_payment.html#_payment_methods[__payment method__] already exists. However, in the case of GoCardless, we are using the `GoCardlessPluginApi#buildFormDescriptor` to create a form where a user sets up a mandate. Thus, the *payment method* will not exist in Kill Bill at the time of invoking the `PaymentGatewayApi#buildFormDescriptor` method. So, this method cannot directly invoke the `GoCardlessPlugin#buildFormDescriptor` method. To work around this, we need to create a servlet and invoke the `GoCardlessPlugin#buildFormDescriptor` method from this servlet. The client application needs to invoke this servlet and not the `PaymentGatewayApi#buildFormDescriptor` method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
https://github.com/killbill/killbill-api/blob/4ae1c343a593de937415e21feecb9f5405037fa3/src/main/java/org/killbill/billing/payment/api/PaymentGatewayApi.java[`PaymentGatewayApi`] interface. If you take a look at the https://github.com/killbill/killbill-api/blob/4ae1c343a593de937415e21feecb9f5405037fa3/src/main/java/org/killbill/billing/payment/api/PaymentGatewayApi.java#L43[`PaymentGatewayApi#buildFormDescriptor`] method, you will notice that it accepts a `UUID paymentMethodId` as a parameter. Thus, this method assumes that a https://docs.killbill.io/latest/userguide_payment.html#_payment_methods[payment method] already exists. However, in the case of GoCardless, we are using the `GoCardlessPluginApi#buildFormDescriptor` to create a form where a user sets up a mandate. Thus, the *payment method* will not exist in Kill Bill at the time of invoking the `PaymentGatewayApi#buildFormDescriptor` method. So, this method cannot directly invoke the `GoCardlessPlugin#buildFormDescriptor` method. To work around this, we need to create a servlet and invoke the `GoCardlessPlugin#buildFormDescriptor` method from this servlet. The client application needs to invoke this servlet and not the `PaymentGatewayApi#buildFormDescriptor` method.
```

> Thus, this servlet is implemented as follows (See https://github.com/killbill/killbill-gocardless-example-plugin/blob/9522498ecde5849c940574c598ceb5ce088d32a7/src/main/java/org/killbill/billing/plugin/gocardless/GoCardlessCheckoutServlet.java[_GoCardlessCheckoutServlet_]):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thus, this servlet is implemented as follows (see https://github.com/killbill/killbill-gocardless-example-plugin/blob/9522498ecde5849c940574c598ceb5ce088d32a7/src/main/java/org/killbill/billing/plugin/gocardless/GoCardlessCheckoutServlet.java[`GoCardlessCheckoutServlet`]):
```

----

* The servlet is mapped to the `/checkout` path. Thus, a client application needs to make a request to this path to invoke the servlet.

> * The `createSession` accepts properties corresponding to `clock` and `goCardlessPaymentPluginApi`. These are injected via the `GoCardlessActivator` class (This class is explained in the <<gocardless_activator, "GoCardlessActivator">> section below).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `createSession` accepts properties corresponding to `clock` and `goCardlessPaymentPluginApi`. These are injected via the `GoCardlessActivator` class (explained in the <<gocardless_activator, GoCardlessActivator>> section below).  
```

* It then creates `PluginProperty` objects corresponding to the values passed in as parameters.

* Finally, it invokes the `GoCardlessPlugin#buildFormDescriptor` method.

[[gocardless_activator]]
==== Step 9 - Creating GoCardlessActivator

> All plugins require an activator class that starts the plugin. Let us take a look at the https://github.com/killbill/killbill-gocardless-example-plugin/blob/9522498ecde5849c940574c598ceb5ce088d32a7/src/main/java/org/killbill/billing/plugin/gocardless/GoCardlessActivator.java[_GoCardlessActivator_] class:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All plugins require an activator class that starts the plugin. Let us take a look at the https://github.com/killbill/killbill-gocardless-example-plugin/blob/9522498ecde5849c940574c598ceb5ce088d32a7/src/main/java/org/killbill/billing/plugin/gocardless/GoCardlessActivator.java[`GoCardlessActivator`] class:
```

}
----

> * The `GoCardlessActivator` class defines a static field called `PLUGIN_NAME` with the value `killbill-gocardless`. This is the name of the plugin and will be used by Kill Bill to route payment to the appropriate plugin as explained in the https://docs.killbill.io/latest/userguide_payment.html#_payment_methods_and_plugin_names[__payment user guide__].

Author: Thanks Mary! A few questions:
1. How should the link text to external docs (like https://gocardless.com/) be formatted?
2. Just to confirm, a sub-section within a separate doc, does not need to be italicized. Is that correct? So, for example, `Make sure to familiarize yourself with the  https://docs.killbill.io/latest/userguide_subscription.html#components-payment[Payment] section of the _Subscription Guide_`  is correct?
3. How should the link text for links to Kill Bill repos (like https://github.com/killbill/killbill-plugin-api/) be formatted?

> * The `GoCardlessActivator` class defines a static field called `PLUGIN_NAME` with the value `killbill-gocardless`. This is the name of the plugin and will be used by Kill Bill to route payment to the appropriate plugin as explained in the https://docs.killbill.io/latest/userguide_payment.html#_payment_methods_and_plugin_names[__payment user guide__].

Reviewer: > 1. How should the link text to external docs (like https://gocardless.com/) be formatted?

It doesn't need to be any different than our usual linked text format. So, it doesn't need to be italicized or in quotation marks.

> 2. Just to confirm, a sub-section within a separate doc, does not need to be italicized. Is that correct? 

Yes, that's correct. I think the fact that it's highlighted as a link is enough of an indicator that it's a section name.

So, for example, Make sure to familiarize yourself with the https://docs.killbill.io/latest/userguide_subscription.html#components-payment[Payment] section of the _Subscription Guide_ is correct?

Yes

> 3. How should the link text for links to Kill Bill repos (like https://github.com/killbill/killbill-plugin-api/) be formatted?

We *could* format it as `code` or we could just leave it formatted as a regular link (blue and underlined). I will almost always vote for what's simpler/easier as long as it's clear. So I vote for the second option. (Though I believe I might have marked them as needing `code` formatting in this review. I'm sorry I don't always have a hard and fast answer; I haven't had to create a new style guide in quite a while!)

* The `start` method creates a new `GoCardlessPaymentPluginApi` object.

> * It then invokes the `registerPaymentPluginApi` method which registers the plugin with the `PLUGIN_NAME`. This code is pretty standard across all plugins and can be used as it is.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* It then invokes the `registerPaymentPluginApi` method, which registers the plugin with the `PLUGIN_NAME`. This code is virtually standard across all plugins and can be used as it is.
```

* In the case of GoCardless, we need to create a checkout servlet as explained above. The `start` method creates this servlet via `PluginAppBuilder` as follows:

** `withRouteClass` specifies the name of the servlet, in this case `GoCardlessCheckoutServlet`.

** `withService` specifies `pluginApi`. Since the `GoCardlessCheckoutServlet` accepts a parameter corresponding to `GoCardlessPaymentPluginApi`, this is injected via `withService`.

** Similarly, since `GoCardlessPaymentPluginApi` accepts a parameter corresponding to `OSGIKillbillClock`, a `clock` object is injected via `withService`.

** Any other values that need to be passed to the servlet can be injected similarly.

** The `build` method is invoked which creates `pluginApp`.

** Finally, the servlet is created via `PluginApp.createServlet`.

> * The `registerServlet` method is then invoked which registers the servlet. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `registerServlet` method is then invoked, which registers the servlet. 
```

==== Step 10 - Build and Deployment

The GoCardless plugin can be built and deployed as per the build and deployment instructions specified in the https://docs.killbill.io/latest/plugin_development.html#build[__Plugin Development Document__]. 

==== Step 11 - Testing

Once the plugin is deployed successfully, it can be tested using https://curl.haxx.se/[_curl_] commands as specified in the https://github.com/killbill/killbill-gocardless-example-plugin/#testing[_plugin readme_].(If you are on Windows, we recommend that you use https://git-scm.com/download/win[_Git Bash_] to run the `cURL` commands).

== Frequently Asked Questions

> === What if my payment gateway processes a smaller amount

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== What if my payment gateway processes a smaller amount?
```

Reviewer: Add question mark after all questions.

If the payment gateway does not process a payment synchronously, the corresponding plugin method (`purchasePayment`, `capturePayment`, etc.) should return a *PENDING* status (Refer to the <<payment_plugin_status, "Payment Plugin Status">> section). This sets the `transactionstatus` to *PENDING* in the Kill Bill database. This can subsequently be converted to the *PAYMENT_SUCCESS*/*PAYMENT_FAILURE* status in one of the following ways:

* *Explicitly by the plugin* - Once the plugin receives a notification from the payment gateway about the payment being processed, it can explicitly invoke the https://github.com/killbill/killbill-api/blob/4ae1c343a593de937415e21feecb9f5405037fa3/src/main/java/org/killbill/billing/payment/api/PaymentApi.java#L402[_PaymentApi#notifyPendingTransactionOfStateChanged_] method. You can take a look at how this is done in the https://github.com/killbill/killbill-adyen-plugin/blob/5bb6ad36a868bab15a4123af32a8c453f383e3b7/src/main/java/org/killbill/billing/plugin/adyen/core/KillbillAdyenNotificationHandler.java#L350[_Adyen plugin_]. 
+
Some Important Pointers:
+

> ** In order to ensure that the invoice balance is adjusted after updating the payment status, you need to make sure the payment goes through the internal payment control state machine. If you are using the https://github.com/killbill/killbill-plugin-framework-java[_Kill Bill plugin framework_], you can use the  https://github.com/killbill/killbill-plugin-framework-java/blob/870ae40ab476a3cc2d85b89eb2d920e4504e2784/src/main/java/org/killbill/billing/plugin/api/core/PaymentApiWrapper.java#L74-L94[_PaymentApiWrapper#transitionPendingTransaction_] method which does this for you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** In order to ensure that the invoice balance is adjusted after updating the payment status, you need to make sure the payment goes through the internal payment control state machine. If you are using the https://github.com/killbill/killbill-plugin-framework-java[_Kill Bill plugin framework_], you can use the  https://github.com/killbill/killbill-plugin-framework-java/blob/870ae40ab476a3cc2d85b89eb2d920e4504e2784/src/main/java/org/killbill/billing/plugin/api/core/PaymentApiWrapper.java#L74-L94[_PaymentApiWrapper#transitionPendingTransaction_] method, which does this for you.
```

+
** Kill Bill also provides a https://killbill.github.io/slate/#payment-transaction-mark-a-pending-payment-transaction-as-succeeded-or-failed[_Mark a pending payment transaction as succeeded or failed_] endpoint. This internally invokes the https://github.com/killbill/killbill-api/blob/4ae1c343a593de937415e21feecb9f5405037fa3/src/main/java/org/killbill/billing/payment/api/PaymentApi.java#L402[_PaymentApi#notifyPendingTransactionOfStateChanged_] method and can also be used.

* *Via the Janitor* - As explained earlier, the https://docs.killbill.io/latest/userguide_payment.html#_janitor[__Kill Bill Janitor__] attempts to to fix *PENDING* and *UNKNOWN* payment states by querying the <<getPaymentInfo, getPaymentInfo>> method. Thus, once the plugin receives a notification from the payment gateway about the payment being processed, the `getPaymentInfo` should return the correct payment status.

[NOTE]  

> *Note*: The https://docs.killbill.io/latest/userguide_payment.html#_janitor_notification_queue[notification queue janitor] runs automatically as per a configured schedule. If you would like to run the Janitor immediately, you can trigger the https://docs.killbill.io/latest/userguide_payment.html#_on_the_fly_janitor[__on the fly janitor__] by invoking the https://github.com/killbill/killbill-api/blob/4ae1c343a593de937415e21feecb9f5405037fa3/src/main/java/org/killbill/billing/payment/api/PaymentApi.java#L439[_PaymentApi#getPayment_] method. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Note*: The https://docs.killbill.io/latest/userguide_payment.html#_janitor_notification_queue[Notification Queue Janitor] runs automatically per a configured schedule. If you would like to run the Janitor immediately, you can trigger the https://docs.killbill.io/latest/userguide_payment.html#_on_the_fly_janitor[__on the fly janitor__] by invoking the https://github.com/killbill/killbill-api/blob/4ae1c343a593de937415e21feecb9f5405037fa3/src/main/java/org/killbill/billing/payment/api/PaymentApi.java#L439[_PaymentApi#getPayment_] method. 
```

*Other Notes*

> Sometimes, in addition to processing the payment after a delay, the payment gateway may also charge a smaller amount then passed to it by a plugin method. The plugin should let Kill Bill know the actual processed amount so that Kill Bill can update the invoice/account balance accordingly.  In such cases, you cannot use the https://github.com/killbill/killbill-api/blob/4ae1c343a593de937415e21feecb9f5405037fa3/src/main/java/org/killbill/billing/payment/api/PaymentApi.java#L402[_PaymentApi#notifyPendingTransactionOfStateChanged_] method as it can be used to only update the payment status. So, in such cases you need to rely on the Janitor and let the `getPaymentInfo` return the processed amount via the  `PaymentTransactionInfoPlugin#getAmount` method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes, in addition to processing the payment after a delay, the payment gateway may also charge a smaller amount then was passed to it by a plugin method. The plugin should let Kill Bill know the actual processed amount so that Kill Bill can update the invoice/account balance accordingly. In such cases, you cannot use the https://github.com/killbill/killbill-api/blob/4ae1c343a593de937415e21feecb9f5405037fa3/src/main/java/org/killbill/billing/payment/api/PaymentApi.java#L402[_PaymentApi#notifyPendingTransactionOfStateChanged_] method as it can be used only to update the payment status. So, in such cases you need to rely on the Janitor and let the `getPaymentInfo` return the processed amount via the  `PaymentTransactionInfoPlugin#getAmount` method.
```

> === How can I pass arbitrary values to the plugin or return arbitrary values from the plugin to Kill Bill/my frontend application?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== How can I pass arbitrary values to the plugin or return arbitrary values from the plugin to Kill Bill/my front-end application?
```

> Sometimes a frontend application may need to pass some arbitrary values to the plugin code or payment gateway. Similarly, the payment gateway or plugin code may need to return some arbitrary values to Kill Bill or the frontend application. Kill Bill provides *plugin properties* which can be used to achieve this. Refer to the <<plugin_property_notes, "Plugin Property Notes">> section for further information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes a front-end application may need to pass some arbitrary values to the plugin code or payment gateway. Similarly, the payment gateway or plugin code may need to return some arbitrary values to Kill Bill or the front-end application. Kill Bill provides *plugin properties*, which can be used to achieve this. Refer to the <<plugin_property_notes, Plugin Property Notes>> section for further information.
```

Some examples of passing plugin properties to/from a plugin:

* The `redirect_flow_id` is passed to the https://github.com/killbill/killbill-gocardless-example-plugin/blob/85e6a2034d377925537ed58295547c92945f8896/src/main/java/org/killbill/billing/plugin/gocardless/GoCardlessPaymentPluginApi.java#L338[_GocardlessPaymentPluginApi#addPaymentMethod_] as a plugin property.

> * The https://github.com/killbill/killbill-gocardless-example-plugin/blob/85e6a2034d377925537ed58295547c92945f8896/src/main/java/org/killbill/billing/plugin/gocardless/GoCardlessPaymentPluginApi.java#L120[_GocardlessPaymentPluginApi#purchasePayment_] method returns the the Gocardless `paymentId` as a plugin property. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The https://github.com/killbill/killbill-gocardless-example-plugin/blob/85e6a2034d377925537ed58295547c92945f8896/src/main/java/org/killbill/billing/plugin/gocardless/GoCardlessPaymentPluginApi.java#L120[`GocardlessPaymentPluginApi#purchasePayment`] method returns the GoCardless `paymentId` as a plugin property. 
```

=== How can I update error information in Kill Bill

Sometimes, the payment might not be processed by the payment gateway due to some error. In order to update the error information in Kill Bill, the `PaymentTransactionInfoPlugin` object returned by the plugin method should be populated with the error information. In other words, the `PaymentTransactionInfoPlugin#getGatewayError` and the `PaymentTransactionInfoPlugin#getGatewayErrorCode` need to be implemented correctly. Kill Bill then automatically updates this information in the Kill Bill database. For example, in case an exception occurs while processing the payment, the https://github.com/killbill/killbill-gocardless-example-plugin/blob/85e6a2034d377925537ed58295547c92945f8896/src/main/java/org/killbill/billing/plugin/gocardless/GoCardlessPaymentPluginApi.java#L127[_GocardlessPaymentPluginApi#purchasePayment_] method returns the error information.

== Further Reading

> * https://docs.killbill.io/latest/plugin_development.html[Plugin Development Guide]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* https://docs.killbill.io/latest/plugin_development.html[_Plugin Development Guide_]
```

> * https://docs.killbill.io/latest/plugin_installation.html[Plugin Installation]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* https://docs.killbill.io/latest/plugin_installation.html[_Plugin Installation_]
```

> * https://docs.killbill.io/latest/Kill-Bill-Glossary.html[Kill Bill Glossary]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* https://docs.killbill.io/latest/Kill-Bill-Glossary.html[_Kill Bill Glossary_]
```
